hello YouTube assume here with another
minecraft tutorial this is the dungeon
XP farm which you can use on a zombie or
skeleton spawner to get XP and items
once you found your dungeon and
deactivate the spawner with torches you
will need to make the room nine by nine
blocks in size with the spawner being
directly in the middle you can
double-check this by making sure there
is four blocks between the spawner and
the wall on all sides now you will need
to place the torches on the walls to
stop the mobs from spawning and remove
the torches placed on the spawner next
you will need to place a pillar from the
ceiling to the spawner now we need to
dig down the room two blocks and leave
these free blocks into the corners
against the same wall place a bucket of
water in each of the corners with the
free blocks then dig down one block
where the water ends I've used white
wall to represent the blocks that are to
be removed
now that the spawn room is prepared we
will build the mob trap and crusher to
complete the XP farm on the wall where
the water stream leads to a single point
you will need to remove these eight
blocks place a sign on the wall where
the water stream ends and dig down for
blocks now you will need to hollow out
an area at the bottom of the trap to
build the crusher and redstone circuit
at this point I would recommend watching
the rest of the video a couple of times
so you have a good idea of how many
blocks you will need to remove next we
will place the sticky pistons with the
blocks in front of them blue wall is the
stopper and the red wall is the crusher
the stopper block will be pushed into
the space above the sign and the crusher
block will be pushed into the space two
blocks below the sign next we need to
place a block at the bomb from where the
mobs fall down so that there is a free
block gap then we need to fill in the
space around leaving a one block gap of
the bomb
now we need to place the redstone start
off by placing a block with the torch on
behind each of the pistons then place
these blocks with a torch and a repeater
then above that torch place these two
blocks with redstone wire on now place a
block with a wire on and in front of
that place a block with a lever now
behind this we need to place a platform
that is four blocks wide and eight
blocks long
now we need to place this block here
move a redstone wire next to it and then
for the rest of the circuit we need to
place repeaters like this and then at
the end you need to place these redstone
wires you will need to set all but one
of these repeaters to full delay the
last thing we need to do is remove the
torches on the walls the way I do this
is dig a trench behind the wall with the
torch on then remove the block with the
torch on and then replace it the machine
is now ready to use and while we do a
test I'll explain the mobs take damage
from the crusher in an inconsistent way
this means that when we use the crusher
a very small percentage of mobs will die
most will be one-hit to kill and a small
percentage will be 2 or even 3 you can
also use splash potion of healing to
kill all the mobs at once
so that concludes this tutorial on how
to build a dungeon XP farm I've included
a link to download this map in the
description box which has a skeleton
spawner and a zombie spawner and as
always if you have any questions you
want to ask you can get in touch with me
by the comment box so thanks for
watching and I'll catch you next time